Tempo cache docs (#840)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Configuration/p8s-jaeger-grafana/tracing/tempo.md

```

To configure a secret to be used as a password, see this [FAQ entry]({{< relref "../../../FAQ/installation#how-can-i-use-a-secret-to-pass-external-service-credentials-to-the-kiali-server" >}})

### Tempo cache

> Kiali 2.2 includes a simple tracing cache for Tempo that storages the last N elements. By default, it is enabled and it keeps the last 200 traces. It can be modified in the Kiali CR with: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kiali 2.2 includes a simple tracing cache for Tempo that stores the last N traces. By default, it is enabled and it keeps the last 200 traces. It can be modified in the Kiali CR with: 
```

```yaml
spec:
  external_services:
    tracing:
      enabled: true
      tempo_config:
        cache_enabled: true
        cache_capacity: 200
```

> Kiali emits some cache metrics, the following query can be done to obtain the cache hit rate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kiali emits some cache metrics. The following query obtains the cache hit rate:
```
